how about youtube friends give me
very much happy to greet you my channel what
know in 372 my name is fernando ríos
rivers journalist on twitter and well this
occasion is I bring this extraordinary in
a boxing also I'm already there in in byn
in the social network is of jokes of
be annoying with others and I'm
also on facebook here we have this
extraordinary boxing day for the dark
word of the second saga of the second
thor movie he is also a
avenger there we have it is properly from
the
is the god of thunder is he
one of the stars in the saga of the
avengers and well quickly I'm going to
support a bit in information that I have
here because it has been a lot of
My liking, I have other superheroes like
these from here back that the truth the
I prefer but good here we have this
this variant of the god of thunder thor and
well finally it is a this god of
thunder in Norse mythology and
Germanic that their role is all
they say it's complex since I have
influence in very different areas like
the climate the crops the protection the
consecration justice life
trips and battles during a
during and once the process of
crystallization was completed figure
of the bull was demonized by the growing
influence of Christian missionaries
after Christianity
will cement remains of his faith were preserved
clandestinely, mainly in
rural areas surviving like this until
modern times in German folklore
and more recent rebuilt under
various forms of neo paganism
germanic for basically this sector
and well this is specifically the one of
modern history lives in asgard and
good for something comes to earth and brings
the hammer is your tool
work is that that this is your your
tool to fight the bad
because as I said it has two movies
modern latest I have not seen the second
the first one
this character is very happy
for his
question of how friendly than that
sometimes it turns out that they do not eat avengers
that he could not lift the hammer from there
is the hammer I do not know what it's called
this damn hammer there we have it
to open it quickly but I wanted to
properly tell them the character
real historical what beauty this does not bring
fell the hammer I tell them that they weigh
much the hammer here we have it was what
first out
there is the hammer is not so
say that rough of the finishes but
good
here we have it to see if it goes like this
nothing do not have diurex that is appreciated
a lot because it facilitates each of the
things
to open
is lame
there we have it will be here the thing
ready here is out there we have it
obviously opens like the others
action figures there is
extraordinary the sun
very good finish we're going to take these
suspenders
so that it does not move very well ready
there we have it there is a layer look at what
beauty
is the only one of avengers with cape
marvel there we have sun superhero here
we put him the I guess we're going to
to be able to put him
hammer with this
it does not stop
you can not see there low very well already is
there it appears with the hammer
but well I do not know if more or less goes like this
there we have it for hammer nantes to
hit yourself my boy there is the
true the finishing this extraordinary
see the hair
blonde hair that usually have
there in
in scandinavia
in Scandinavian countries there we have the
Bull's helmet and well there's the
hammer he could not lift there
we have iron man
the motorized in him
it deserves robotized we have to hold the
ironman who speaks we also have
Captain America Iron Man Homeland and
we have a fire sea ​​and with this core
the saga of the rangers closes all
these are 'spider-man' avengers are going to
incorporate in avengers' 2
and good friends from youtube gave me
I am very happy to help you my face
know in 372 my name is fernando ríos
rivers journalist on twitter this horse
black is great is the truth they are
very very well done the helmet I repeat and what
what is the hair
ordinary tra this figure come from marc
hasbro I see a lot of greeting them see you
also in byn in the social network
facebook and see you
until next time